Buffalo Battle Field
Buffalo is actually a name for a steam-tree.
Its original name is Brewstar.
It is a medium-sized tank battle field close to the air-cooled single-fire low-altitude.
The head is large, the body is thick, short and round.
The seat is large and long in the rear.
It is a plane that flew somewhere in the air with wide and low vertical power.
It is a fighter that is very similar to the Soviet E-16.
This is also an enemy fighter that was most often attacked by our army in the Philippine-Malay-Vilma wars, but it is not a bad performance.
This sound is recorded with a 1000m, 3000m, 5000m high-altitude flight speed of one of the buffaloes that was captured.
The overall feature of the sound is that it is a high-altitude fighter like the Lockheed Hudson.
The overall feature of the sound is that it is a sound that has a low frequency of 150 to 200 cycles, regardless of the high-altitude
standard like the Lockheed Hudson.
The sound is compared to the Kertzis P40 and has a strong, heavy sound.
However, in the 1000m and 3000m altitude, it can produce a sound of about three kinds, just like the Kertzis P40.
And in the 1000m, it can recognize high frequency sounds such as the high frequency of the sound, which is close to the ground.
Also, as the altitude increases, the high frequency sound disappears gradually, and in the 3000m, it hardly feels this.
Instead, the noise and the rhythmic sound increase, and when the altitude reaches 5000m, it becomes close to the sound of almost one unit.
And it can feel a slight sound of a light hum and a sound of a thud.
Therefore, this sound and the Kertzis P40 sound are played alternately, and if you compare the characteristics of the sound, you can find something interesting in research.